Chocolate Wafers  Recipe
250g margarine (or butter)
400g sugar
360g sour cream
10g vanilla sugar
60g dark chocolate
300g ground bicuits ( Bambi’s Lane Ground Biscuits)
1 packet of wafer sheets (5 wafer sheets)
Place 250g of margarine  in a saucepan
Cook over low heat stirring with a wooden spoon
After 1 min add 400 g of sugar and continue to stir
then add 60 g of dark chocolate and continue to stir
add 360g of sour cream
add 10 g of vanilla sugar
and after  approximately 8 to 10 minutes everything is melted end well combined.
Add 300g of ground biscuits and stir a little
Remove from heat
And continue to stir until well combined.
Then leave and allow it to cool until lukewarm
take one wafer sheet
Make sure the smooth side of the wafer sheet is facing up.
And spread the mixture evenly over entire wafer.sheet with the back of a metal spoon.
Try to estimate the amount of mixture and make sure there is enough to fill four times.
Lay onother wafer sheet and repeat previous step until all wafer sheets are used up
Take care to finish with a sheet of wafer (waffled side up) and not the mixture.
Place a tray over and put something heavy to help wafers adhere to each other
Leave it to set for at least 6 hours  or overnight.
Cut into diamond shapes before serving.